docs(language-switcher): doc text (#272)
lumapps/design-system: packages/site-demo/content/product/components/language-switcher/index.mdx

# Language switcher

> **Language switchers display language options in a list and present the users choice. Use it when users need to select a language.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Language switchers display language options in a list and present the option the user chose. Use it when users need to select a language.**
```
It may seem a little heavy but it disambiguates.
